So, which JDK 11 should
you download and use?
Well, there are a solid
range of options available.
Oracle have got a paid version
of JDK 11 that you can use,
they also have an open-source version you can
use for free, and there are other vendors
who offer a JDK 11 for download.
Now, I've got a video on YouTube
where I go into much more detail
about this, but in summary, Amazon,
Red Hat, and AdoptOpenJDK are
three other alternatives to Oracle,
but there are others as well.
Now, in this and my other
Java courses, I'm using and
recommend Amazon Coretto JDK
version 11 and you'll see me
using that as I mentioned.
It's easy to download, it doesn't
require any registration, and it's
updated regularly and supported for
the long term, and all for free.
But again, there's other options
and certainly, I’m not getting paid
to recommend the Amazon solution.
I just find it to be a good option.
Feel free to use any JDK 11
build you wish from any vendor
and you should be good to go.
Now, speaking of JDK installation,
because I assume you've got some Java
experience, I don't have installation
videos in this section of the course.
But I do have some JDK
installation videos in the last
section of this course, so check
those out if you need them.
All right, next video, we'll
briefly talk about IDEs.
See you in the next video.